[Exceptions] Configuration-Level Filtering (#5217)
dotnet/dotnet-monitor: documentation/configuration/in-process-features-configuration.md

    value: "false"
  ```
</details>

### Filtering

Which exceptions are collected and stored can be filtered via configuration using [ExceptionsConfiguration](../api/definitions.md#ExceptionsConfiguration). This can be useful for noisy exceptions that are not useful to capture - an example of this may be disregarding any `TaskCanceledException` that the target application produces.

> Note that this is different than [real-time filtering](../api/exceptions-custom.md), which does **not** restrict the collection of exceptions and is solely responsible for determining which exceptions are displayed when invoking the `/exceptions` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this is different than [real-time filtering](../api/exceptions-custom.md), which does **not** restrict the collection of exceptions and is solely responsible for determining which exceptions are displayed when using the `/exceptions` route.
```
